This I took a few things so
exciting how driving new
car desire to find new
Ways to take care of our customers
mine have created a quality and
professional process after
sales service is our goal
make sure that every other day
spent together with lexus will be for you
even better than previous our colleagues in
Russia ready to offer a service capable
print your required we predict
your wish
We hope you will find many bright
unforgettable moments with the new
we are sure you will like the faces of the zones
be the owner of lexus nx including
thanks to our quality service and
qualified service personnel
who shares today's requests
not
time is the most valuable and irreplaceable
resource world belongs to you you have time
work travel have fun in
Your access will be our online services.
can use them at night can
send a request for tv on vacation
modern technology in lexus service
designed to facilitate your life dealership
Lexus center is a comfort zone because you
accustomed to stylish things stylish people
stylish interior you are demanding
comfort and setting
passed the time of universality today in
trending personal settings select
the necessary parameters and the dealer will help
configure lexus nx for your
maximum comfort in constant
movement and lexus nx is your lifestyle
it is not necessary to leave it in one
day
the dealer will of course provide you with a replacement
car but you have the opportunity
wait for your lexus nx at the dealership
center
select service provider
lexus express service and technical
service will take only half an hour
all processes are designed to
save your time parts
delivered from central warehouse 2
times a day 7 times a week and if
need a body repair it
implement without delay at the
authorized dealers own body
shop
you are a lady and you want to decide for yourself
fully immersed in the process or
go into details well we have foreseen
such a choice and if you wish inspection
car will pass in your presence
select dealers who provide service
direct acceptance in conjunction with the service
consultant you can evaluate
condition of your car and determine
list of necessary works
Also you can ask any questions on
the car
openness is one of our important c
you chose the best
the car at the same time you are done
opt for the best service
we will be glad to see you and
bold centers i'm josh
asus